=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-dillo-viewer - display HTML message parts using Dillo browser

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-dillo-viewer>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-dillo-viewer> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

This plugin allows viewing HTML messages with the Dillo browser embedded
in the message view.

By default no remote URLs are retrieved for safe browsing.

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<dillo.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 BUGS

Please use reportbug B<claws-mail-dillo-viewer> for reporting Debian
bugs for this package.

The upstream BTS can be found at
L<http://www.thewildbeast.co.uk/claws-mail/bugzilla/index.cgi>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<dillo>(1),
B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item The Claws Mail Team <theteam@claws-mail.org>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-dillo-viewer> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2008-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
