=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-attach-warner - missing attachments warning before sending

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-attach-warner>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-attach-warner> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

It's aimed at prevention of forgetting attachments, by warning the user
if some attachment is mentioned in the mail text but no attached file is
found in the composed mail.

Mentions are found by simple regex matching, although some care is taken
to avoid false positives. In the plugin configuration panel the user can
define the expressions or words to be looked for in the message text.

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<attachwarner.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Ricardo Mones <ricardo@mones.org>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-attach-warner> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
