=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-fetchinfo-plugin - inserts headers with download information

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-fetchinfo-plugin>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-fetchinfo-plugin> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

This plugin enables adding several extra headers to the received mails
containing additional download information. These headers can be used
later in filtering or processing rules, extending mail identification
and/or classification capabilities.

Currently the following headers can be added:

=over 4

=item X-FETCH-ACCOUNT

Receiving account name from I<Claws Mail> configuration (As appears in
the accountrc file).

=item X-FETCH-SERVER

POP3 server used for downloading.

=item X-FETCH-TIME

Timestamp of download, RFC-822 formatted.

=item X-FETCH-UIDL

UIDL specifying the message on the server.

=item X-FETCH-USERID

Username in the receiving account.

=back

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<fetchinfo_plugin.so>, and press the “Open”
button.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Thorsten Maerz <torte@netztorte.de>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-fetchinfo-plugin> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
