=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-libravatar - show profile images from a libravatar server

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-libravatar> package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-libravatar> is a plugin (loadable module) for the I<Claws
Mail> mailer.

Allows showing the sender profile image stored in the libravatar server
configured in the sender's domain (a federated domain) or the
libravatar.org server if the former is not available.

If no profile is available in libravatar.org, as current fallback of the
service, gravatar.com servers are also tried. This behaviour can be
disabled by plugin's configuration if desired.

If no profile image is found at all the plugin can be also configured to
request a generated image from the libravatar service (through one of
the available methods) or even from a custom URL.

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<libravatar.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 CAVEATS

This plugin may slow down message display because of the additional
network access required for image retrieval, specially on flaky
networks. Disabling image cache or setting a cache refresh interval too
low will only make this slowness more noticeable and is not recommended.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7),
Libravatar site L<http://libravatar.org/>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Ricardo Mones <ricardo@mones.org>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-libravatar> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2014-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
