=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-multi-notifier - several modules for new mail notification

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-multi-notifier>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-multi-notifier> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

Provides various ways to notify the user of new and (possibly) unread
email.

The following modules are currently implemented:

=over 4

=item Banner

A mail ticker.

=item Popup

A popup window on mail arrival.

=item Command

Execute a custom command on mail arrival.

=item LCD

Send a message to a LCDd server on mail arrival.

=item SysTrayicon

A system tray icon, with or without toaster popup.

=item Indicator

An indicator icon.

=back

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<notification.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 CAVEATS

Some IMAP servers (for example Gmail™) doesn't implement the C<\Recent>
flag on messages (see B<NOTES>). Therefore, notifications about new mail
will be unreliable on these servers.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<notify-send>(1),
B<osd_cat>(1),
B<play>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 NOTES

See support page “Does Gmail support all IMAP features?” at
L<http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=78761>

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Holger Berndt <berndth@gmx.de>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-multi-notifier> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
