=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-newmail-plugin - message header summary to a log file

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-newmail-plugin>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-newmail-plugin> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

This plugin writes a summary of new mail headers and message related
values to a log file. Writing is done after sorting.

The message headers written are: C<Date:>, C<Subject:>, C<From:>, C<To:>
and C<Cc:>. Additionally the message related values currently written
are the following:

=over 4

=item C<Size:>

The size of the message in bytes.

=item C<Path:>

The full path to the message file.

=item C<Message:>

The number of the message.

=item C<Folder:>

The folder of the message.

=back

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<newmail.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 FILES

=over

=item F<~/Mail/NewLog>

Default filename where header summary is written.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item H. Merijn Brand <h.m.brand@xs4all.nl>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-newmail-plugin> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
