=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-acpi-notifier - mail notification using laptop's mail LED

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-acpi-notifier>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-acpi-notifier> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

Enables mail notification via the mail LED available on some laptops.
LED can be set to blinking or on when new mail is received. Also can be
set to blinking when user interaction is required.

=head1 USAGE

Some kernel module has to be loaded first for this plugin to be able to
work properly. Supported modules include: B<acerhk>, B<acer_acpi>
(ACER); B<asus_acpi>, B<asus_acpi> (ASUS); B<ibm_acpi> (IBM);
B<tm_smapi> (Lenovo) and B<apanel> (Fujitsu).

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...” button and select
the plugin file, named B<acpi_notifier.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7),
B<insmod>(8).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Colin Leroy <colin@colino.net>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-acpi-notifier> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
