=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-vcalendar-plugin - handle vCalendar attachments

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-vcalendar-plugin>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-vcalendar-plugin> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

Allows displaying vCalendar messages (C<text/calendar> MIME type, also
known as iCalendar) in a similar way other well-known mailers do. Note
that only the meeting subset of the vCalendar format is currently
supported.

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...” dialog, click on the “Load plugin...” button and select the
plugin file, named B<vcalendar.so>, and press the “Open” button.

Once loaded, a new mailbox named “vCalendar” will appear on the folder
list window. In this folder a “Meetings” inbox is shown, which is where
your meetings can be created. Contextual menu of this folder is also
useful for changing view mode or adding webCal subscriptions.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Colin Leroy <colin@colino.net>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-vcalendar-plugin> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
