=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-managesieve - manage scripts on Sieve-compliant servers

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-managesieve>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-managesieve> is a plugin (loadable module) for the I<Claws
Mail> mailer.

This plugin provides an interface for managing Sieve filters. These
filters are used for filtering mail on mail servers, usually with an
IMAP account.

This plugin allows managing Sieve filters: creating, editing, deleting
and checking their syntax.

No facilities for script development are provided, so you need to know
the Sieve language for creating or make non-trivial modifications to
existing filters. See references below.

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<managesieve.so>, and press the “Open” button.

Sieve must be enabled and configured on each account where you plan to
use it. Go “Configuration” menu and open “Preferences for current
account...” or “Edit accounts...” for configuring a different one.

When account preferences are shown you can configure Sieve by opening
the “Plugins/Sieve” page.

Once some account is configured you can use “Manage Sieve Filters...”
dialog option from “Tools” menu.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7),
Sieve language wiki L<http://sieve.info/>,
Sieve: An Email Filtering Language L<https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5228>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Charles Lehner <charles@claws-mail.org>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-managesieve> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2015-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
