=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-clamd-plugin - scan mails for virus with ClamAV

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-clamd-plugin>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-clamd-plugin> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claw Mail> mailer.

This plugin allows scanning of mails using the Clam AntiVirus.

Due license restrictions no clamav library is used and it is required
that the ClamAV daemon (clamd) is running on some computer, either
localhost or a remote one. Mails to be scanned and scanning results will
be sent to and received from this daemon using a socket.

This may impose additional requirements for your home folder and I<Claws
Mail> resource folder (F<~/.claws-mail>): global executable permission
must be given to these folders if clamd is configured to use a Unix
socket.

To avoid changing permissions clamd can be configured to use a TCP
socket instead, but notice that this requires enabling manual
configuration in B<claws-mail-clamd-plugin>.

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<clamd.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS

Giving global executable permissions to your home and F<~/.claws-mail>
folders allows other users of the system to browse the content of these
folders. This may not be what you want, specially on shared machines.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<chmod>(1),
B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7),
B<clamd>(8).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Michael Rasmussen <mir@datanom.net>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-clamd-plugin> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2007-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
