=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-mailmbox-plugin - handle mbox format mailboxes

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-mailmbox-plugin>
package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-mailmbox-plugin> is a plugin (loadable module) for the
I<Claws Mail> mailer.

Provides the ability of handling mbox format files (used by some other
popular mailers) as if they were native mailer's folders. Just add them
and play.

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...” dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<mailmbox.so>, and press the “Open” button.

Mailboxes can be added in the “File” menu, opening the “Add mailbox”
item and selecting the “mbox (etPan!)...” option.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<mbox>(5),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item DINH Viêt Hoà <dinh.viet.hoa@free.fr>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-mailmbox-plugin> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
