=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

claws-mail-pgpinline - handle PGP/Inline signed and/or encrypted mails

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<claws-mail-pgpinline> package.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<claws-mail-pgpinline> is a plugin (loadable module) for the I<Claws
Mail> mailer.

This plugin allows decrypting mails, verifying signatures and sign or
encrypt your own mails using PGP/Inline.

It requires GnuPG and GPGME.

=head2 Warning

Notice this method for signing or encryption is deprecated and you
probably should be using PGP/MIME, but it is still provided for
compatibility with user agents which are unable to handle the 10-year
old PGP/MIME standard (being Outlook from Windows platform the most
noticeable example).

=head1 USAGE

Before using a plugin you must instruct I<Claws Mail> to load it on
startup.

For this you must go “Configuration” menu on main window toolbar, open
“Plugins...”  dialog, click on the “Load plugin...”  button and select
the plugin file, named B<pgpinline.so>, and press the “Open” button.

=head1 FILES

=over

=item F<~/.gnupg/gpg.conf>

Configuration file for GnuPG, read gpg and gpgconf manual pages for
details.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<gpg>(1),
B<gpgconf>(1),
B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-pgpmime>(7),
B<claws-mail-extra-plugins>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item The Claws Mail Team <theteam@claws-mail.org>

Wrote the B<claws-mail-pgpinline> plugin.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian™ system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2008-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your option) any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
