=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

matcherrc2perlfilter - convert matcherrc rules to Perl

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<matcherrc2perlfilter>.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

This script converts matcherrc filtering rules (default rules format)
into perl_filter rules for usage with the B<claws-mail-perl-filter>
plugin of the I<Claws Mail> mailer.

=head1 USAGE

matcherrc2perlfilter

No arguments required. Conversion is done for current user only.

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item F<~/.claws-mail/matcherrc>

Input file where standard filtering rules lie.

=item F<~/.claws-mail/perl_filter>

Output file written by this script. Converted rules are appended if the
file already exists, so be careful when running the script more than
once.

=back

=head1 CAVEATS

This conversion script doesn't produce nice Perl code and is just
intended to get you started. If you choose to use the Perl plugin,
consider rewriting your rules.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<claws-mail>(1),
B<claws-mail-perl-filter>(7).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Holger Berndt <berndth@gmx.de>

Wrote the B<matcherrc2perlfilter> script.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006-2020 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
